Hi guys here, how are you? I'm back.
This time to speak was the best reading.
of the month on the reading of the month of August
we give a little delay later
come on
is I had already advanced to you in
some other videos talking about my
reading is going to be the same project rose tá
the brett simpson australian think it is
so he speaks his name and I
I fell in love with this book, it was better
inside the eye for now it looks
great books this year but he got me
by the way of writing and by a factor
I'll tell you now it's the
project rose tells the story of don don
is a 39 - year - old man and geneticist and
gift is kind of weirdo it's all weird
that some manias he is very much attached to
routine is and for those who know it is a little
about autism about losing them under
autism spectrum
You can already diagnose the gift in the
first paragraph, I did the
diagnostic first paragraph has a
27- year-old son who is autistic and
first paragraph had already
diagnosed the gift
But so be quiet because this
does not interfere with anything with reading you
gives a name to the gift problem not
mean anything okay it will not
influence the rest of your
reading beauty
we will follow up the gift and it has 39
years and he's kind of tired he wants
have a wife who has a
partner he never got to date
it has several serious problems is with a
lot of things he has is very
connected to the routine he has a whole ritual
who does every day he is very sincere in
what he says are all the
characteristics of the autism spectrum
OK
he is very sincere in what he speaks and
Do not understand sarcasm so he has a
very big difficulty and relate
with other people
he has two friends that this forms a
couple a couple of psychologists who
Claudia Jardim is and the two of you.
they are the only friends of the gift are the
who understand and understand that
who understand this line that he tends to
7 o'clock in the morning ring the bell
because he needs
talk or even play at dawn
the phone and is not very attached to
social rules okay for him is one thing
so he needs to talk to him, which is
optimize his time is not done
Nothing Why not talk at the time.
huh
so he has only two friends he does not
managed to date a lot of time is up to them
will do this project wife project
wife does a questionnaire with 16
pages are front and back time to leave well
these 16 pages if you had to
you have questions like this from the
smoker and even there
business for him because he is
very clever he does not want to stay
side of a person falling short of the
that ideli that I can not have a
nice talk anyway he thinks about everything
There you start looking for that person they
to sign up for relationship sites
and he starts looking for the person for
This questionnaire is in between
time he meets rose and rice and everything
that he did not want to be rose and waitress
rose smokes rice and is out of control but
same time that 's all he does not
whether he sees himself asked every day
closer to her changing some routines
to fit the routine of rose and
a friendship begins to emerge between the
two and he keeps asking himself but I just
I can be friends because she is not what
I do not want to be in accordance with the
project and it creates another project to
be able to stay in touch with the rose
Do you know about rice?
to understand with this project is because
It was here in the synopsis until but you know
It's cool and sitting without knowing this match.
I found it very interesting how
It was the gift head for nou although
that woman does not fit for him
was able to fit into a motivation
Life for him, it's really cool, that's right.
is a book is is a chick lit has been
classified as customers but I do not
I consider chick lit is not okay romance is
a very different book the vision is all about
first person all a vision of the gift
the gift is funny without wanting to be
Funny for us because he has
some situation
actions he has some skills
social
Who did he tell that he is?
making us laugh but at the same time
that you laugh is tragic because so he
do not understand why people do not
They understand the way they are and it's very
dislocated in society is sad and
At the same time, it was a comic book.
very good and 5 stars I already told
it's really worth it, people are very
touching with a person he signs up
an hour like a man without feelings is
unable to love as a person who is
describes how feelings a person
who says he is incapable of love can
teach so much to us about love is
It's a wonderful gorgeous book I recommend.
The rest of the reading, I cleaned it.
hours are gathering at five o'clock
it was too much you can not read
stop the author is he can mix the
romance with the focus of the story that this
motivation that the gift found to continue
near the rose he can blend a lot
well these two stories and in a way
that we are curious curious or
curious reader for two events
This is very very good, you are eating too much.
it is not that it has already been translated by
a lot of countries that is world-wide success
if you do not know, you're one foot behind you.
I do not like the elite there, I do not like
reading do not worry , but there I am
I like that he had the vision of a man not
I'll find strange people, do not worry.
thereby
the book is very good and we are going wonderful
eating too much, okay, this was the
best reading for me of the month of August
Next month I'll be back with the best.
reading of September is not
forget to click like I do not know
forget to sign up for our channel and
share of social networks video
Kiss for everybody until next month at
total